Update README.md with GH workflow link (#31)
webfx-project/webfx: .github/README.md

You can check out the demos to see how a GitHub workflow can generate these executables.

> For example, here is the [GitHub workflow](https://github.com/webfx-demos/webfx-demo-fx2048/blob/master/.github/workflows/gradle.yml) for the FX2048 demo and the [executables](https://github.com/webfx-demos/webfx-demo-fx2048/releases) that it generated.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, here is the [GitHub workflow](https://github.com/webfx-demos/webfx-demo-fx2048/blob/webfx/.github/workflows/builds.yml) for the FX2048 demo and the [executables](https://github.com/webfx-demos/webfx-demo-fx2048/releases) that it generated.
```
